[Music]
The latest developments in the Daniel
Sancho and Nicolás Arrieta case suggest
that Silvia Bronchalo could be
finding or searching for new clues that
could help her son or benefit him
in some way legally in this
new journey that lies ahead
for many years of her life in
prison in Thailand. The day before yesterday, Silvia
Bronchalo was seen leaving the prison in a
very angry way. With an object of anger,
quite noticeable, the entire press, who is
usually at the prison door
waiting to see her enter and leave every
day more or less at the same time, was
surprised by her attitude. Of course, she
always said her good mornings and her good
afternoons in a polite manner, but she slammed the
door when she got into the taxi in a
rather peculiar way. The reasons for this are not
known, a possible argument during the
meeting with her son, well, who knows.
The truth is that we have no idea.
Coincidentally, yesterday, Thursday, Silvia did not
appear at the prison in a very bad way, where
journalists were expected until 2
in the afternoon, which is the deadline for
these visits.
Silvia Gonzalo did not appear, the press
begins to worry and Daniel Sancho
spends his first visit after the 14
days that his mother is on the island
completely alone and without any visitors
something that will surely make your
day longer and make it much
worse there has been much speculation
about what could have happened whether it is due to
an argument with his son, a
disagreement or even some anger with the
police it is also speculated that Silvia
Bronchalo could be preparing her
return to Spain she has been
on the island for 14 days and that now you give the turn to
Rodolfo Sancho it would be quite logical that
both of them to waste so little money they take
turns visiting
sincerely in this aspect it must be
said that life in Thailand is not
expensive in fact it is quite cheap
compared to Spain if we take a
look at the prices of food
in supermarkets the prices are
much cheaper than we usually
find here, yes
products such as alcohol or export products such as
Iberian ham do become more expensive which is completely logical it
is like when they bring something from another country
here to Spain what comes to be
the import has also  There has been
speculation that there could be a
problem with that backpack that serves to fasten
it, she wore every day in the last
few days that we have been able to see her this week in which she brought certain materials to Daniel, let's see, there is talk of clothes, there is talk of books, there is talk of food and there is talk of money in fact it is assumed that Silvia would have left more than enough money for Daniel in prison, more than he
can spend, in addition, the income apparently
is public, everyone knows how much
money each one has because when you
enter you leave your name written down, who you are
coming to visit and how much money you
deposit and deposit the money you
deposit. The prisoner can only
use a certain amount that would be around
15 euros a day, therefore Silvia would have already
left money there so that
Daniel could be served for one or
two weeks. The fact that Silvia did not
appear this morning at the prison has
worried many media outlets
that, as was already being
commented, were beginning to speculate
with various theories, but the truth is that
in the end Silvia bronchalo has appeared
for the first time in Copán La Isla where
Daniel Sancho, confessed murderer, allegedly
committed the crime  and dismembered
Edwin Arrieta Silvia Bronchala has
visited the same police station where
Daniel filed the complaint after the
suspicions of Arrieta's family and
has met with high-ranking
police officials everything indicates that this meeting
was planned many
days ago but it is not known Exactly what it was for, it
could be to communicate
new details of the information or it could be on
Silvia's part to investigate
a little more since she is preparing the
defense that can most benefit her
son in another order of things it is
also expected that within the next few hours the
arrival of Rodolfo Sancho to Thailand It is
known that to get to Copangam he does not
have to get off in Bangkok and it is expected
that at the latest he will be on the island to
visit his son on September 3rd and I
say it is expected because well expected it has been
expected since the first day
from the first moment it was said that
Rodolfo had taken a flight and was going
to Thailand but at the moment he has not been
seen there we will see if
this time is the right one By the way, a
very important fact and  very beneficial
for Daniel's family is that the
queen usually has a gesture with the
prisoners of her country for the reason of
his birthday Queen Siri kit who is
currently the mother of the King the
91 year old queen mother has this gesture of
mercy with the prisoners and allows him on
September 30th to have a
more special vis a vis than expected with his
relatives in this vis a vis they will be able to
see each other in person and not through
glass with masks they will be able to
hug and up
to five relatives will be able to be in this visit with The prisoner, you already
know that in recent days he has been able to
see Silvia Bronchalo accompanied by
some people it is very likely that
other relatives of Daniel aware
of this situation are also
visiting the country to accompany
Silvia and to be present at this vis a vis
whatever comes out as new
information we will keep you informed
on this channel family do not forget to
subscribe do not forget to give me a
like if you like this content and stay
very tuned because we will see you in the
next video bye bye
[Music]